Crash course on Git and repositories.

Git is a version control software that allows multiple people to pull and push from a central repository 
(called "master") which contains the master copy of the project.

Terms:

master - is the master copy. It contains the most updated working version of the project for other branches 
to pull from and make changes.

Branches - are subdivisions of the main project assigned to an individual or to a specific purpose to change 
and test the project. Changes you make within a branch stay localized to that branch unless it is merged with
another branch. It is important that you do not push a version of your branch to any other branches ESPECIALLY
master unless it is free of bugs.

Head - refers to the branch you are currently working in.

Merging - describes either a push from an updated branch to the master, or a pull of the most updated version 
from master to another branch such as Planning or Presentation.

Pull/push - is a transfer from one branch to another. Pulling from master to Planning will copy the master branch 
to the planning branch. Likewise, pulling from Planning to master will copy the Planning branch to the master branch.

Commit - is saving a change to your local branch. You must include a description of your changes to make it easy to 
reference in the future.

Merge Conflict - is when commits between merging branches do not match up. For example, person A pulls from master 
to banch X, then person B pulls from master to branch Y. They both update the same parts of the same document. After 
confirming his version works, B pushes Y to master. Shortly afterward, A pushes X to master.

Git asks you to resolve the conflict by selecting which version you wish to keep in these parts of the document. 
It can also be fixed by updating your code to accomodate the new changes.

DON'T COMMIT DIRECTLY TO MASTER. ALWAYS MAKE CHANGES IN ANOTHER BRANCH.

If your commit or merge broke something, it's possible to revert to a previous commit, but agian, be careful when pushing 
branches to master.
